<h1>Protecting Templates With .htaccess</h1>
<p>The templates directory of professional template designers are given the simplest of protections by the plugin writing index.html files to all template directories but if someone can guess the file names it is still possible to rip your designs. Below are a few options to help add additional security to the templates directory. All use the .htaccess file and they should be placed after the standard txp .htaccess content.</p>

<pre>##################################################
# SETTING UP MOD REWRITE ENGINE REDIRECTION
##################################################
# This option uses mod_rewrite to redirect to the 
# top level /index.php file if the url ends with a 
# file extension listed after RedirectMatch, then
# sets a 301 permanent redirect regardless of case
# sensitivity. If it throws a 500 internal server 
# error try removing "=301" from the command.
#
##################################################
# TO ACTIVATE REMOVE # FROM THE BEGINNING OF LINES
##################################################
#<IfModule mod_rewrite.c>
#	RedirectMatch \.(form|page|plugin|section)$ /index.php [R=301,NC,L]
#</IfModule>
##################################################
# STOP THIS IS THE END OF THE REWRITE ENGINE BLOCK
##################################################

##################################################
# SETTING UP TEMPLATE FILE ACCESS DENIAL 
##################################################
# This option denies access to everyone including
# you and gives a 403 access forbidden error.
#
# You will need to put your ip in the *allow from*
# using 127.0.0.0 does not seem to work correctly.
#
##################################################
# TO ACTIVATE REMOVE # FROM THE BEGINNING OF LINES
##################################################
#<FilesMatch "\.(form|page|plugin|section)$">
#	order deny,allow
#	deny from all
#	allow from localhost
#	allow from 255.255.255.255 
#</FilesMatch>
##################################################
# STOP THIS IS THE END OF THE ACCESS DENIAL BLOCK
##################################################

##################################################
# SETTING UP THE USER AUTHENTICATION
##################################################
# This option displays a dialog prompt for user 
# authentication but requires an absolute path to 
# .htpasswd or throws 500 internal server error.
#
# You will need to create the .htpasswd file and 
# then add George:Sandy on the top line of the
# file by itself, format is user:pass. Failure to 
# to supply supply the user and password results 
# in a 401 authentication required error page.
#
##################################################
# TO ACTIVATE REMOVE # FROM THE BEGINNING OF LINES
##################################################
#<FilesMatch "\.(form|page|plugin|section)$">
#	AuthType Basic
#	AuthName "User Authentication"
#	AuthUserFile "/server/path/to/.htpasswd"
#	Require user George
#</FilesMatch>
##################################################
# STOP THIS IS THE END OF THE AUTHENTICATION BLOCK
##################################################
</pre>
<p>Do not use George as your username and Sandy as you password, that is just an example!</p>
